[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2012 animated comedy film
wreck-it Ralph so let's get started as
the film opens we see at night in an
arcade video game characters leave their
normal roles and free travel to other
games wreck-it Ralph
the antagonist of fix-it felix is
ostracized for doing his job while the
hero felix is praised tired of being
mistreated
Ralph announces that he will earn their
respect by winning a medal
Ralph disrupts a game session of a
first-person shooter
heroes duty and scales the games central
beacon to obtain a medal causing a sigh
bug one of the game's antagonists to
hatch which can adapt to and devour
other environments Ralph and the side
bug stumble into an escape pod
which is launched out of the game and
crash lands in sugar rush a candy-themed
kart racing game while Ralph is missing
his game is labeled as malfunction and
potentially could be unplugged
Felix ventures to hero's duty and teams
up with the game's heroine sergeant
Calhoun to retrieve Ralph and the sci
bug in sugar rush Ralph's medal is
stolen by vanellope von schweetz
to buy her way into the race to see who
could be chosen as an avatar for players
king candy the ruler of sugar rush for
bids adieu to vanellope being a glitch
Ralph and vanellope agree to build a
race cart for her to win the race and
retrieve the medal they flee to an
unfinished racetrack and Ralph teaches
vanellope to dry King candy hacks the
game's code and obtains Ralph's medal
which he offers in exchange for
preventing vanellope from racing King
candy explains that if vanellope wins
her glitches would cause the game to get
unplugged and vanellope would die unable
to leave because she's a glitch Ralph
reluctantly agrees and trashes
Penelope's cart he returns to his own
game but notices vanilla Peas images on
the side of the sugar rush cabinet and
realizes that she's not actually a
glitched in character but actually meant
to be a playable character she looks in
Calhoun search sugar rush for Ralph
Felix fears that Ralph
gone turbo alluding to a rogue character
in the past at the arcade who abandoned
his own game and destroyed another out
of jealousy resulting in both getting
unplugged felix falls in love with
calhoun but she abandons him when he
reminds her of her fiance who was eaten
by sy bugs felix is in prison in King
Candy's castle and Ralph frees him and
vanellope rebuilding the cart
Calhoun discovers sy bug eggs
underground which hatch and start
devouring the game vanellope
participates in the race but is attacked
by King candy Penelope's glitch reveals
that King candy is actually turbo who
took over sugar rush and displaced
vanellope as the main character
Ralph Felix and Calhoun evacuate the
game but if vanellope cannot leave due
to her glitch Calhoun points out that
the Sai bugs are being destroyed by a
beacon of light Ralph is confronted and
carried away by a sigh bug infused turbo
he breaks free causes a volcano to erupt
and is saved by a vanilla bean the
volcano beacon destroys the Sai bugs and
turbo vanellope crosses the finish line
rebooting sugar rush and restoring her
status memory as princess vanellope the
main character of sugar rush Ralph and
Felix return home allowing their game to
be spared Felix and Calhoun marry while
a Content Ralph gains the respect of his
fellow characters so that was the
spoilers for wreck-it Ralph if you have
another film you'd like to see me spoil
please let me know in the comments below
check us out on our various forms of
social media and definitely check out
our new Instagram giveaways that we're
doing every month and also remember to
Like and subscribe thanks for watching